Hi, James!
Is basketball your favorite sport?
Yes. I love basketball!
See? I have my basketball with me.
I like basketball, too.
Let's go play on the basketball court at the park.
Not now. I'm eating lunch.
OK. Well, I can practice with my team after work.
You are on a basketball team?
Yes. We're pretty good.
Do you shoot the ball a lot?
Of course!
Do you make a lot of baskets?
Not too many.
But other players on my team do.
A lot of people really like basketball.
They do.
Millions of people in the world play it.
I know. It's a very popular sport.
Millions of people in the world play basketball.
It's a popular sport.
Two teams play on a basketball court.
Each team has five players.
A team must get the basketball into the other team's basket.
They shoot the ball at the basket.
Sometimes the ball goes into the basket.
Then the team gets two or three points.
The team with the most points wins the game.
Hello, everyone.
Welcome to Let's Talk in English.
My name's Pauline.
Are you ready to learn with us today?
Hey, everyone, I'm Jay.
And happy December.
Our first lesson of month is a SPORTS lesson.
That's right. We're talking about Basketball.
Hey, cool! I like basketball.
This will be a fun one to talk about.
Do you play basketball, Jay?
Well, I used to.
My dad is actually a good basketball player, so I used to play with him.
And when I was a kid, I was on a team.
Oh, that's great.
What about you, Pauline?
Have you played before?
Oh, well, I've never played on a team or in a real basketball game.
But I have played some games that you play with a basketball.
Oh, uh, what do you mean?
Well, have you ever played the game "Horse"?
Oh, yeah!
Friends, Horse is a fun game.
The goal of the game is to make shots into the basket that your friends can't make.
Hey, why don't we teach them how to play Horse later?
Yeah, it's a good idea!
Maybe they already know how to play.
Basketball is a really popular sport around the world.
That's true. Friends, do you like to play basketball?
Or do you like watching basketball?
There is a lot of great basketball to watch on TV.
There's the NBA, the WNBA, college basketball, basketball at the Summer Olympics.
Ooh, that's a lot.
Well, I can tell this is going to be a fun lesson, so why don't we get started?
Here's Jack with our key words for today.
(Chinese).
Hi, James!
Is basketball your favorite sport?
Yes. I love basketball!
See? I have my basketball with me.
I like basketball, too.
Let's go play on the basketball court at the park.
Not now.
I'm eating lunch.
OK. Well, I can practice with my team after work.
You are on a basketball team?
Yes. We're pretty good.
Oh, it makes sense that James would be in today's conversation.
He's a big fan of all kinds of sports.
He sure is.
He must like basketball a lot.
Oh, he doesn't just like basketball.
It's his favorite sport.
Oh, yeah, right.
Hey, I like the question that Taylor asked him:
Is basketball your favorite sport?
Friends, this is a really useful sentence that you can use at a lot of different times.
Yes, it is.
Hey, I wonder if we can get Rebecca to help us use it.
Let's see what she has to say.
Hey, everyone.
It's the beginning of a new month—the month of December.
And it's the perfect time to learn a new Use It tip.
Let's get started.
Now talking about different things you like can be difficult.
But today's Use It tip might help.
For example, you could use this question:
Is blue your favorite color?
Or here's another great question.
Are dogs your favorite animal?
Friends, this is very useful for English students.
So don't forget to use it.
Thanks, Rebecca.
Hey, how did you know?
Blue is my favorite color.
Well, so James plays basketball on a team after work.
That's why he has his basketball with him today.
That's right.
Oh, hey, I think Jack wanted to tell us something about that.
Why don't we check in with him now?
(Chinese).
Thanks, Jack.
We're glad to have you with us.
Yeah. Well, hey, I didn't know that Taylor likes to play basketball.
Yeah, I guess she does.
I think it's kind of funny that James wants to play basketball with her even while she's still eating lunch.
Well, I guess he's just so excited to practice.
I guess so.
Well, he'll just have to wait until after work to practice with his team.
Yeah, I like to watch James practice with his team sometime.
He says they're pretty good.
Well, we're pretty good.
We're pretty good?
Yeah. We're pretty good.
Oh, because that's today's Calendar Phrase!
We're pretty good.
We're pretty good.
(Chinese).
Wow! Are you on a basketball team?
Yes. We're pretty good.
Do you make a lot of baskets?
Yes. We're pretty good.
Do you win a lot of games?
Yes. We're pretty good.
Do millions of people watch you play?
We're not that good.
Oh.
We're pretty good.
We're pretty good.
(Chinese).
So, Jay, what does it take to be a pretty good basketball player?
Oh, that's a good question.
And that's actually one of my favorite things about basketball.
To be a good basketball player, you have to be a team player.
Ah, a team player, OK.
So that means that you don't just try to win the game by yourself, right?
That's right.
After all, you have four other people on your team.
You all have to work together to win the game.
So to be pretty good at basketball, you have to play well with your team.
So that means instead of keeping the ball all the time, you would pass it to your team and work together to get the shot or the basket, right?
Exactly! Yeah.
Well, don't the best players in the world usually score most of the points for their team in a game?
Oh, that's true. They do.
But actually, if you check the information about the game later, you would find out that that player also helped everyone else on their team to score more baskets, also.
Oh, I see, OK.
So the best players boost the whole team.
They help everyone play better.
That's right!
And friends, we have to take a quick break right now.
But don't go away.
We have a lot more right after this.
We'll see you soon.
