Welcome back, friends.
If you own a car, motorcycle or scooter, going to the gas station is part of everyday life.
It sure is.
That's exactly what Matt and Tina are talking about today.
So why don't we go back to them and see what else they talk about?
I wash my windshield there.
Me, too.
I like a clean windshield.
How often do you check the air in your tires?
Not often.
I usually forget.
I check my tires once a month.
That's a good habit.
In some places, someone pumps gas for you.
But not around here.
All right.
So now Tina and Matt are talking about what they do at a gas station.
Well, besides filling their car with gas.
Right.
Of course, the main reason we go to the gas station is to get gas.
But gas stations also offer some other services.
For example, you can usually wash your windshield for free.
Yes. I like to keep my windshield clean.
Not only does it look nice but it's also safer to drive with a clean windshield.
That's true.
Sometimes if my windshield is dirty, the sun will hit the windshield and make it really hard to see.
Ah, exactly! And that's dangerous.
You need to be able to see clearly when you drive.
Right, very important.
What are some other things you can do at the gas station to keep your car working safely?
Well, like Matt says, you can check the air in your tires.
Sometimes gas stations have a free machine you can use to check your tires.
Right, and if your tires are low on air, then you can fill them up.
Sometimes the air is free.
Other times you have to pay a small amount to fill the tires.
So when you drive, Pauline, do you check your tires often?
No, not often enough.
I always forget.
But thankfully, my husband, Josh, remembers.
He keeps my car running safely.
Good for him.
Jay, when you drive, how often do you check your tires?
Oh, I'm like Matt.
I check my tires about once a month.
And hey, once a day, we go to Rebecca for a Use It.
And it's time for that right now.
Right, Rebecca?
Hello, friends.
Today I have a very special treat for you.
A Use It tip.
When discussing how often you do something, you can use today's Use It.
For example, I watch TV once a day.
Or, I see my family once a year.
Friends, now it's up to you to use it!
Thanks, Rebecca.
Hey, Pauline, you lived in many different places.
Are gas stations the same wherever you go?
Oh, no, there are definitely some differences.
Oh, like what?
Well, in the U.S., most gas stations are connected to a convenience store.
In fact, the only convenient stores in my town are gas stations.
OK. But that's not true everywhere, I guess.
No. For example, in Costa Rica, most gas stations don't do that.
They are just for gas and car stuff.
You don't go there to buy snacks and drinks.
Interesting.
Can you think of any other differences?
Uh, yes.
Usually in Costa Rica, when you go to the gas station, you don't have to get out of the car and pump your gas.
Someone comes to the car and pumps the gas for you.
You just tell them how much gas you want.
Oh, some places in the U.S. do that, too, right?
Yeah, there are a couple of states that do that, but not in my state.
Actually, most places in the U.S., you have to pump the gas yourself.
Yeah. I think Oregon and New Jersey are the only two states where someone else will pump your gas.
But again, that's not true around here.
Oh, hey, Jack, that's the sentence you wanted to talk about, right?
(Chinese).
Thanks, Jack.
Now friends, let's take a moment to review our key words.
Here's your first key word for today.
gas.
gas.
I need gas for my car.
fill.
fill.
Please fill my cup with water.
tire.
tire.
A car has four tires.
pump.
pump.
Tim pumped air into the tire.
credit card.
credit card.
You can pay with a credit card.
All right, friends, those were today's key words.
Keep on practicing.
You're doing great.
And now it's time to watch today's conversation one more time together.
Hey, Tina. Where do you buy gas?
Hi, Matt.
I usually go to the gas station near Ralph's Supermarket.
I go there sometimes.
Gas is cheap there.
I know.
I fill my car with gas at that station.
Do you pay with a credit card?
Yes. I always use a credit card.
It's so easy.
I wash my windshield there.
Me, too.
I like a clean windshield.
How often do you check the air in your tires?
Not often.
I usually forget.
I check my tires once a month.
That's a good habit.
In some places, someone pumps gas for you.
But not around here.
﻿(Music).
Hey, James, let's go shopping.
Sorry, Ginger. The car is out of gas.
And we are out of bananas, so let's go.
But Ginger.
Where do you usually buy gas?
At the gas station, of course.
The gas station near the supermarket?
Yes. Gas is cheap at the gas station.
And bananas are cheap at the supermarket. Let's go!
Sorry, Ginger, we can't.
I'm out of money.
Out of bananas, out of gas and out of money!
Yes. So you are out of luck!
Ha-ha. Very funny.
But you can pay with it.
With your credit card.
Hmm.
It's easy.
OK. Let's go.
Yay!
All right, friends, it's Monday.
Do you remember what that means?
That's right.
It's time to ask and answer some questions together.
So here's your first question.
Where does Tina buy gas?
Where does Tina buy gas?
You can find the answer in Conversation A.
She buys it at the gas station near Ralph's Supermarket.
All right, here's question number two.
Do you ever go to a gas station?
Do you ever go to a gas station?
Well, let's hear some answers from some of our friends.
Do I ever go to a gas station?
Of course I do.
But I don't go that often.
You see, I only drive my car to work two or three times a week.
So I fill up my car with gas about once a week.
When I'm at the gas station, I spend a little time cleaning my windshield and checking my tires.
Do I ever go to a gas station?
Definitely.
But I try not to drive my car too much.
Usually just a few times a week or on the weekends if I want to go to the mountains or go to the beach.
So, then I will go to the gas station first and fill up my gas tank.
I also like to buy candy and snacks that I can enjoy if I'm on a trip.
Do I ever go to a gas station?
I don't like to go to gas stations.
But I have to because I drive a car.
When I'm almost out of gas, I have to go to the gas station to fill up my car.
At some gas stations, you have to fill the car by yourself.
I like to have someone fill the gas for me.
It is much simpler.
Sometimes I get a car wash there as well, so my car looks nice on the road.
Do I ever go to the gas station?
Of course I do.
I drive a car, and I don't want to run out of gas, so I go to the gas station to have gas in my car.
I fill it up. Sometimes I do it myself.
Then I go inside and pay with a credit card.
Sometimes I see snacks, and I have to buy a few: soft drinks, chips.
It's so convenient to buy snacks at the gas station.
Those were some fun answers.
Well, friends, if you go to a gas station, maybe the next time you go, you can use some of these English words while you do the things that you need to do there, all right?
And make sure you join us tomorrow.
We've got more on this very important lesson.
So we'll see you then right here on Let's Talk in English, good-bye.
﻿(Music).
