Are you ready, Greg? We should leave soon.
Yes, everything is already in the car.
But we need to stop for gas.
What about lunch?
Let's get some snacks at the gas station convenience store.
OK. I'll run in and buy some while you pump the gas.
What do you what?
I want a hot dog.
Do you want anything besides that?
Yes. Give me something salty, like chips.
All right.
A hot dog and chips.
Do you want a soft drink, too?
No, thanks. I have my water bottle.
I'll get some juice and a candy bar.
Buy me a candy bar, too.
I need something sweet.
OK. Let's go!
Many gas stations have convenience stores.
If you're paying cash for your gas, you pay inside the store.
You can also buy all kinds of salty and sweet snacks.
When people buy gas, they often buy snacks and drinks to enjoy in their car.
Both soft drinks and coffee are popular.
Some gas stations also sell hot food.
You can buy hot dogs, hamburgers and pizza.
Besides food, some places also sell gifts and things for your car.
It's fun to look around in a gas station store.
Hello, everyone, and welcome to Let's Talk in English.
My name's Pauline.
Hey, everyone, I'm Jay.
And today we have an AROUND TOWN lesson.
That's right. Stop for Gas.
We had a great show about this yesterday.
And we learned some very useful words.
So let's take a minute to review some of those.
Great. I'll give you some clues.
Friends, try to remember the words, too.
You can answer at home.
Jay will answer here.
All right, I'm ready.
OK. Your car needs this to move.
Oh, easy. Tires.
Oh, well, yes, that's true.
But I'm thinking of a liquid.
Oh, you're thinking of gas.
Yes.
Now if your gas tank is almost empty, what should you do?
Stop driving.
OK, then what?
Fill your car with more gas.
There you go, yes.
When you fill your car with gas, you need to pay.
You can either pay with cash or...
Or a credit card.
Right. You may also want to put air in your...
Oh, I see. Now you want me to say "tires."
Put air in your tires.
There you go.
Yes, and don't forget to clean your...
... car.
Uh, oh, no, you want a specific part of the car, right?
Uh, the window in the front.
Right. What's it called?
The windshield.
There you go.
Very good.
We also learned one other word that might be a little confusing.
Pump. Pump is both an action and a thing.
The thing you use to get gas is the gas pump.
And you use it to pump gas.
Oh, yeah, that is a little tricky.
Well, don't worry, friends.
The more you hear it used, the more you'll understand.
But hey, now I think it's time to learn some new words.
Here's Jack to help.
(Chinese).
Are you ready, Greg?
We should leave soon.
Yes, everything is already in the car.
But we need to stop for gas.
What about lunch?
Let's get some snacks at the gas station convenience store.
OK. I'll run in and buy some while you pump the gas.
What do you want?
I want a hot dog.
So today our friends Greg and Taylor are at the Jungle Café.
But they are about to leave.
It sounds like they're going on a trip.
Yeah, I wonder where they are going.
I think they're going hiking at the state park an hour or two away from here.
Oh, that's great.
But no wonder Taylor wants to make sure they have everything they need.
Right. Greg says everything is already in the car.
But they do need to stop for gas.
Oh, and we need to stop and let Jack teach us again.
Jack?
(Chinese).
Thanks, Jack.
And yes, before you go on a long drive, you should always fill up your tank.
Friends, the tank is the part of the car that holds the gas.
So you can say "fill the car with gas" or "fill the tank."
Both work.
OK.
So Taylor and Greg need to stop for gas before they leave on their trip.
But they also need to think about food.
Right. What are they going to do for lunch?
Greg suggests getting snacks at the gas station—at the gas station convenience store.
That's a good idea.
If they want to go on this trip, they probably need to leave soon.
They don't have time to sit around and eat at a restaurant.
Right.
So Taylor says, "I'll run in and buy some snacks while you pump the gas."
And hey, now I'll stop talking while Rebecca teaches us that Use It.
Hello, friends.
It's that time of day when you get to learn something new in Use It.
I know that you're all very excited.
If you're going to do something at the same time someone else is going to do something different, you can use today's Use It tip.
For example, I'll clean my room while you make dinner.
You could also say:
I'll wash the car while you work in the yard.
Great job.
Now you're ready to Use It!
Thanks, Rebecca.
So Greg is going to pump the gas while Taylor goes into the store and buys them snacks for lunch.
But what does Greg want?
He wants a hot dog.
Oh, right. Gas station convenience stores don't just sell chips, candy and drinks.
They also often have meal items, like sandwiches or even pizza sometimes.
A hot dog will be a good lunch for Greg.
Hmm. I don't know.
That doesn't sound like it would be enough for me.
I want some chips or something to go with it.
Um, but what about you, Pauline?
I mean, what would you get for lunch at a gas station convenience store?
Hmm, actually, they have a type of fried potato that I really like at most gas stations.
Ooh, with ranch dressing.
That's like a creamy sauce.
Anyways, I really like it.
Oh, nice.
Well, now I'm starting to get hungry.
So, friends, let's take a quick break.
Grab a quick snack if you want.
But then don't go too far, of course, because we'll be back in just a minute.
See you then.
