Welcome back.
Today we're talking about seeing the northern lights.
The northern lights dance in the sky over Canada, Alaska and Scandinavia.
Maybe you would like to take a trip to see them someday.
Susie and Tina definitely want to go see them.
That's what they're talking about right now, so let's go back to them.
Are the northern lights always green?
No. They can also be red, orange or purple.
To see them best, you need a clear, dark night.
Cool! This picture looks like a blanket of light in the sky.
The northern lights can take many forms.
They can look like that or like a laser show.
When you go and see them, I'll go with you!
Hmm. Tina asks a good question:
Are the northern lights always green?
That is a good question.
It might seem like they are always green because that's the most common color.
But no, the northern lights are not always green.
That's right.
But before we talk more about colors, we need to talk about that word, always.
And who's better to explain it for us than Jack?
He's always ready.
(Chinese).
Thanks, Jack.
So, yes, the most common color for the northern lights is green.
But what other colors can they be?
Well, sometimes they can be red, orange or purple.
Those colors often go with the green northern lights.
Yeah. In fact, I think we have a picture for you.
Let's see. Here we go.
Oh, wow! That's beautiful!
Yeah! So you can see that they're mostly green but with a little bit of red and maybe purple.
Yeah, I think I see a little maybe even orange or yellow on the edges, too.
Oh, yeah, that's right. Wow.
Man, can you imagine seeing that in person?
Oh, that would be amazing.
Where was this picture taken?
Oh, that was from Norway in Scandinavia.
Man, I want to go there someday.
Me, too.
Oh, I tell you what, when you and your husband plan a trip there, just tell me and I'll go with you, OK?
OK, sure.
And hey, when you use a good sentence like that, I'll always ask Rebecca to help us use it.
Let's do that now.
Hi, friends.
It's that time of day when you get to visit Use It.
Are you ready?
If you want to say that one thing will happen when you do something else, you can use today's Use It.
Let's look at a few examples.
First: When you walk your dog, I'll walk with you.
Or: When you are home, I'll visit you.
Ready?
Well, then why don't you go out and use it?
Thanks, Rebecca.
Hey, you know what? That picture that we saw just reminded me of an old story about the northern lights.
Some of the people who live way up north say that the lights are like a road for spirits to travel on.
In that picture, the lights look almost like a road or a path.
Wow, that's an interesting story.
The northern lights can actually take many different forms.
Sometimes they look almost like a laser show with lights flashing all around.
Yeah. I like what Tina says.
The northern lights can look almost like a blanket of light in the sky.
That is a really beautiful form of the northern lights.
Hey, did you know that the northern lights can actually make a sound?
Really? They can?
Yeah. When it's very strong, people say that they make a crackling and popping sound.
Or sometimes they make a chirping sound almost like a lot of small birds in the sky.
Whoa, I did not know that.
Yeah, it's true.
Well, you know what?
We could talk all day about the northern lights, but we better make sure we review those great key words we learned.
Here's your first key word for today.
sky.
sky.
There are a lot of clouds in the sky.
dance.
dance.
Paul and Jean danced to the music.
northern.
northern.
It can be cold in northern Canada.
dark.
dark.
It's very dark. I can't see anything.
form.
form.
Water can take the form of ice.
All right, friends, those are your key words for today.
You're doing great.
Just keep on practicing.
And now let's review today's conversation one more time together.
Hi, Susie.
What are you doing?
I'm thinking about taking a trip.
Look at these pictures of the northern lights.
Wow! I'd love to watch them dance in the sky.
Me, too.
They're in the sky around the North Pole.
I know. You can also see them in many places in Scandinavia, Alaska and Canada.
I'd like to go any of those places.
Are the northern lights always green?
No. They can also be red, orange or purple.
To see them best, you need a clear, dark night.
Cool! This picture looks like a blanket of light in the sky.
The northern lights can take many forms.
They can look like that or like a laser show.
When you go and see them, I'll go with you!
﻿(Music).
Ginger, do you know about the northern lights?
Uh, are they in the north?
Of course!
The northern lights are an amazing light show around the North Pole.
They are green, sometimes red, orange and purple.
Ooh, like Christmas lights?
No, Ginger.
Well, who puts on the light show?
Ooh, ooh, is it Santa Claus?
No. Ginger, nature.
Nature puts on a light show?
Wow. So what does it look like?
It takes many forms.
Sometimes it looks like a blanket of light.
Wow!
Yeah. Sometimes it looks like a laser show.
That's amazing. Hey, let's go to the North Pole.
Good idea. I would love to see the northern lights.
I would love to see Santa Claus.
﻿(Song Time).
Hey, Jay, I thought of another light snow in the sky that I can sometimes enjoy in Montana.
Oh, what's that?
Well, in Montana, the sky is very big.
You can just see the sky for miles and miles.
And sometimes, especially in the summer, you might get to see thunderstorms way far away and the lightning goes through the sky. It's beautiful.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
It must be open enough that you can see the lightning from far away.
But in other places, we can't see it because there are trees or buildings or things like that.
Right. And the nice thing is it's not dangerous because it's far away.
And it may not even be raining where you are.
But you can look out and see those lightning bolts in the sky.
That is so cool.
Well, friends, we have even more cool things to talk about tomorrow, so make sure you join us then right here on Let's Talk in English, good-bye.
﻿(Music).
