Welcome to the program, Mr. Lung.
Thank you, Greg.
Let's talk about e-cigarettes.
You don't like them much, do you?
No. They're very bad for you.
People who try them can get addicted to nicotine.
Isn't nicotine a poison?
Yes, don't put it in your body!
But e-cigarette packages look cool.
They look like vitamins or juice.
They do.
But don't assume they're safe.
They're not!
What about flavored cigarettes?
The flavors sound appealing.
True. But flavored cigarettes are still cigarettes.
And smoking is bad.
We've known that for years.
Smoking causes cancer.
Yes. But young people think that flavored cigarettes are OK.
They like them because the flavors cover the bitter taste of the tobacco.
So it's easy to become addicted to them.
Smoking of any kind is bad for your health.
E-cigarettes come in packages that look like vitamins or juice.
But don't assume that they are safe.
They aren't.
Those who try e-cigarettes can become addicted to nicotine.
Nicotine is a poison.
E-cigarettes and e-liquid may look and sound cool, but they're not good for you.
Some teenagers think flavored cigarettes would be fun to try.
The flavors, such as mint, chocolate and vanilla, are appealing.
They don't smell as bad as regular cigarettes.
And the flavors cover the bitter taste of the tobacco.
So it's easy to get addicted to them.
Smoking of any kind is bad for your health.
Hi, friends! Welcome to another great day here at Let's Talk in English.
My name's Pauline.
Hey, everyone, my name is Jay.
And we have a HEALTH lesson today.
That's right. Are E-cigarettes OK?
Well, we already got some answers to this question yesterday.
It turns out e-cigarettes aren't as harmless as they seem, are they?
No. Even though they look very different from regular cigarettes, they're still really bad for your health.
Yeah, there are even some bad chemicals inside of e-cigarettes, like nicotine.
And believe me, you don't want to breathe in nicotine.
Nicotine is a chemical that causes cancer.
No one wants to get cancer.
That's a very serious disease.
But you won't get cancer from just using an e-cigarette once, right?
So maybe you can just try it once.
No! Jay, people can easily become addicted to the nicotine in e-cigarettes.
Yeah, you're right, Pauline.
I definitely don't want to be addicted to anything.
I want to be in control of my life.
Me, too.
Well, I'm glad we're learning about this important topic.
If we want to make good decisions, we need good information.
Yesterday we got some good information about e-cigarettes.
And today we'll get some more.
Yes. And of course, we'll also learn some English at the same time.
Speaking of, let's go to Jack now to learn today's key words.
(Chinese).
﻿(Music).
Welcome to the program, Mr. Lung.
Thank you, Greg.
Let's talk about e-cigarettes.
You don't like them much, do you?
No. They're very bad for you.
People who try them can get addicted to nicotine.
Isn't nicotine a poison?
Yes, don't put it in your body!
But e-cigarette packages look cool.
They look like vitamins or juice.
They do.
But don't assume they're safe.
They're not!
Hey, Greg's got another guest on his show today.
That's right.
Mr. Lung is on the show talking about e-cigarettes.
He doesn't really like e-cigarettes, does he?
No, he doesn't.
But hey, Jack likes that sentence, doesn't he?
Yes, he sure does.
So let's go back to him and see what he has to say about it.
(Chinese).
Thanks, Jack.
Hey, why don't we practice this a little more?
Um, Pauline, you don't eat meat, do you?
No, I don't.
But you aren't vegetarian, are you?
No, I'm not.
Good practice.
OK, but back to Mr. Lung.
Why doesn't he like e-cigarettes?
Because they're bad for you.
OK, well, yeah, but more specifically, they are addictive, right?
People who try them can get addicted to nicotine.
Exactly. They're bad for you.
Because nicotine is a poison.
That means it kills living things.
You don't want to breathe in poisons.
Right. So e-cigarettes are bad for you.
Yes, they are bad for you.
Oh, and that's today's Calendar Phrase!
They're very bad for you.
They're very bad for you.
(Chinese).
E-cigarettes look cool.
They're very bad for you.
The packages look like juice.
They're very bad for you.
Some of my friends smoke them.
They're very bad for you.
But not me.
I'll never smoke cigarettes.
Good for you!
They're very bad for you.
They're very bad for you.
(Chinese).
I do agree that e-cigarettes are bad for you.
I don't want my friends to try e-cigarettes.
But they will say the packages do look cool.
In fact, the packages make them look healthy, like vitamins or juice.
Right. And that's the problem.
People look at them and think, oh, that must be safe.
Right. They just assume it's safe, but it's really not.
That's why I was saying earlier today that we need good information in order to make good, safe decisions.
Yes, that's true for lots of things in life.
And definitely true for this topic.
I'm definitely learning some good new information.
Me, too.
I always like it when we can learn together.
Well, we still have lots more to learn together today.
But friends, we first need to take a quick break, OK?
Come back soon.
