What do you know about e-cigarettes, Taylor?
Not much.
Why do you ask?
My sister is trying them.
She says they're great.
Well, they look harmless.
But are they?
The e-liquid has nicotine and other chemicals in it.
Really? Isn't it mostly water and flavorings?
Let's look up e-cigarettes online and find out for sure.
Let's see... e-cigarettes change e-liquid into vapor.
You breathe that.
Is that bad?
Yes. Some chemicals in the vapor can cause cancer!
That's awful.
Nicotine in the vapor can also cause attention problems for teens.
Teenagers use e-cigarettes?
Yes, but they shouldn't.
They can become addicted to nicotine.
I'll tell my sister.
If she keeps using them, she may not be able to stop!
Do you like to try new things?
Some things are good to try, such as a new sport or new food.
But e-cigarettes aren't good.
The e-liquid for them may have interesting flavors and look harmless, but it's not.
It contains nicotine and other chemicals.
You can become addicted to nicotine.
An e-cigarette changes the e-liquid into vapor, and you breathe that.
Chemicals in the vapor aren't good for you.
Some can cause cancer.
Nicotine can hurt young brains and cause attention problems.
Hey, everyone, and welcome to Let's Talk in English.
My name is Jay.
Thanks so much for joining us today.
Hey, friends, I'm Pauline.
Today we have a HEALTH lesson for you.
That's right.
The lesson is, Are E-cigarettes OK?
That is a good question.
I know that regular cigarettes are really bad for your health.
Yeah, we talked a little bit about that in our lesson about taking care of your teeth, remember?
We learned that smoking is bad for your teeth.
Yes, I do remember that.
Hey, Pauline, what's the difference between smoking and cigarettes?
Oh, well, smoking or to smoke is a verb.
It's an action word.
Cigarettes are nouns.
It's a thing you use.
So you smoke cigarettes.
No, I don't!
I mean people.
People smoke cigarettes.
OK, fair.
Pauline, have you ever smoked?
No, never.
Although my husband used to smoke before we got married.
Oh, so you made him stop smoking before you would marry him?
No. We weren't even dating yet when he decided to stop smoking.
Oh, so then you could date him.
Something like that.
Well, I have some friends who smoke.
They're good people, and they think that smoking helps them relax.
But I worry about them.
I know smoking really hurts their bodies.
I don't want them to get sick.
Yeah, and there are so many other healthy ways to relax and manage stress.
Yeah, like we talked about last month.
Exercise, get enough sleep, go out into nature, listen to music, watch funny videos or find other things to laugh about, spend time with friends.
Yes, those are all great ways to relax and manage stress.
But what about e-cigarettes? Are they safe and healthy?
Well, we'll have to learn more about that today.
But before we do, let's learn our key words with Jack.
(Chinese).
What do you know above e-cigarettes, Taylor?
Not much.
Why do you ask?
My sister is trying them.
She says they're great.
Well, they look harmless.
But are they?
The e-liquid has nicotine and other chemicals in it.
Really? Isn't it mostly water and flavorings?
Let's look up e-cigarettes online and find out for sure.
So, Jay, what are e-cigarettes?
Are they really different from regular cigarettes?
Yes, they are different.
The "e-" means it's electric.
So you need batteries for e-cigarettes.
I see.
So you don't use fire to light an e-cigarette?
Right. So you don't breathe in smoke.
You breathe in a vapor. It's a gas made of water, flavorings and chemicals.
And e-cigarettes are plastic, not paper.
Oh, OK. So they look very different.
What else do you know about e-cigarettes, Jay?
Hmm, not much.
I'm still learning about them.
But I don't think they're good for you.
I see.
James is interested in learning about e-cigarettes because his sister started trying them.
She really likes them.
Hmm, right.
Well, let's get into that conversation.
James starts by asking Taylor, "What do you know about e-cigarettes?"
And Taylor is surprised.
Why is James thinking about e-cigarettes?
So she answers his question and then says, "Why do you ask?"
Friends, this is a super useful question.
Yes. Let's give other examples of when to use it.
OK.
Hey, Pauline, um, what are you doing this weekend?
Ah, I'm not sure.
Why do you ask?
Because I'm thinking about going hiking.
Want to come?
Good example.
Hey, Jay, do you like it when Rebecca helps us on the show?
Well, of course.
Why do you ask?
Because she's ready to teach us our Use it right now.
Hello, friends.
Wow. You're all so excited to learn today's Use It tip. That makes me very happy.
When getting to know someone, you can use these "why" questions to help understand them even better.
Let's look at some examples.
First: Why do you like to speak English?
Or: Why do you spend so much money?
Friends, this is a great Use It tip that you should practice.
So make sure you go out and use it.
Thanks, Rebecca.
So, Jay, why do you think e-cigarettes are bad for you?
They look harmless.
Well, they look harmless.
But are they really?
Well, that is the question.
But hey, "they look harmless" is today's Calendar Phrase!
They look harmless.
They look harmless.
(Chinese).
Look! Little turtles.
Be careful.
They look harmless.
Some turtles bite.
They look harmless.
They may not be friendly.
Well, they look harmless.
Look, ouch!
They look harmless.
But they're not!
They look harmless.
They look harmless.
(Chinese).
So it's true. E-cigarettes look harmless.
They come in fun colors.
And you don't breathe in real smoke.
Right, and isn't it mostly just water and flavorings that you breathe? Maybe it is harmless.
Uh, I'm not so sure.
It also has nicotine.
That's a very harmful chemical for your body.
And it has other chemicals, too.
Ooh, that sounds serious.
Well, then I'm glad James is finding out more about that.
I agree.
Oh, and hey, let's find more about that sentence with Jack.
(Chinese).
Thanks, Jack.
Well, I'm looking forward to finding out what James and Taylor find out about e-cigarettes.
But before that, we have to take a quick break.
See you soon.
