Hi, friends.
Welcome to Let's Talk in English.
I'm Pauline.
Thanks for sharing your weekend with us.
Hi, everyone, I'm Jay.
Happy Saturday.
Just think, we learned so much this week.
Yes, we had a super fun eReport yesterday.
We learned about the dangers of e-cigarettes and talked about going to the gas station.
It will be great to watch those again today.
In fact, let's just go ahead and do that now.
Hey, Tina. Where do you buy gas?
Hi, Matt.
I usually go to the gas station near Ralph's Supermarket.
I go there sometimes.
Gas is cheap there.
I know.
I fill my car with gas at that station.
Do you pay with a credit card?
Yes. I always use a credit card.
It's so easy.
I wash my windshield there.
Me, too.
I like a clean windshield.
How often do you check the air in your tires?
Not often. I usually forget.
I checked my tires once a month.
That's a good habit.
In some places, someone pumps gas for you.
But not around here.
Are you ready, Greg?
We should leave soon.
Yes, everything is already in the car.
But we need to stop for gas.
What about lunch?
Let's get some snacks at the gas station convenience store.
OK. I'll run in and buy some while you pump the gas.
What do you want?
I want a hot dog.
Do you want anything besides that?
Yes. Give me something salty, like chips.
All right.
A hot dog and chips.
Do you want a soft drink, too?
No, thanks. I have my water bottle.
I'll get some juice and a candy bar.
Buy me a candy bar, too.
I need something sweet.
OK. Let's go!
What do you know about e-cigarettes, Taylor?
Not much.
Why do you ask?
My sister is trying them.
She says they're great.
Well, they look harmless.
But are they?
The e-liquid has nicotine and other chemicals in it.
Really? Isn't it mostly water and flavorings?
Let's look up e-cigarettes online and find out for sure.
Let's see... e-cigarettes change e-liquid into vapor.
You breathe that.
Is that bad?
Yes. Some chemicals in the vapor can cause cancer!
That's awful.
Nicotine in the vapor can also cause attention problems for teens.
Teenagers use e-cigarettes?
Yes, but they shouldn't.
They can become addicted to nicotine.
I'll tell my sister.
If she keeps using them, she may not be able to stop!
﻿(Music).
Welcome to the program, Mr. Lung.
Thank you, Greg.
Let's talk about e-cigarettes.
You don't like them much, do you?
No. They're very bad for you.
People who try them can get addicted to nicotine.
Isn't nicotine a poison?
Yes, don't put it in your body!
But e-cigarette packages look cool.
They look like vitamins or juice.
They do.
But don't assume they're safe.
They're not!
What about flavored cigarettes?
The flavors sound appealing.
True. But flavored cigarettes are still cigarettes.
And smoking is bad.
We've known that for years.
Smoking causes cancer.
Yes. But young people think that flavored cigarettes are OK.
They like them because the flavors cover the bitter taste of the tobacco.
So it's easy to become addicted to them.
Smoking of any kind is bad for your health.
Hi, everyone.
Welcome to eReport.
My name is Campbell.
And I'm Pauline.
We are going to do something fun today.
That's right. Pauline is going to snowboard, and I am going to ski.
Yes! I'm so excited.
I love snowboarding.
Well, I've heard snowboarding is a lot of fun.
It is. Wait. You've never been snowboarding?
No, I haven't.
And the last time I went skiing, I was in elementary school.
What?! That's ages ago!
Hey, I'm not that old.
Well, friends, what do you think?
Do you want to ski and snowboard with us?
Great! It's going to be fun.
﻿(Music).
Skiing and snowboarding are two popular winter activities.
People travel to ski resorts all over the world to enjoy some winter fun.
Ski resorts are usually up in the mountains where the weather is cold and there is lots of snow.
Skiing and snowboarding can be exciting if you know what you're doing.
That's why it's a good idea to take a few lessons before you really try either one.
But what if you live in a city, like Taipei, where there is no snow and no ski resorts?
How can you learn?
Well, you can visit a ski school.
At a ski school, instructors can teach you the basics of skiing and snowboarding.
It's a great place to practice some skills before you go out on real slopes.
Hey, Pauline, can you tell everybody what we're doing now?
Sure. We're putting on our boots for snowboarding and skiing.
That's right.
Hey, wait a minute.
Why are your boots different than mine?
Because I'm going snowboard and you're skiing.
Boots for skiing and snowboarding are different.
They are?
People wear boots for both skiing and snowboarding.
Both kinds are warm, waterproof and attached to snow equipment so you can slide down a slope.
But other than that, ski boots and snowboard boots are very different.
Ski boots have a hard shell while snowboard boots are more flexible.
They're kind of like an athletic shoe.
Also, ski boots usually have buckles that hold the boots on the skier's feet.
Snowboard boots have laces.
It is important to have a good pair of boots when you ski or snowboard.
They will protect your feet and ankles.
Once you have the right pair of boots for your feet, you must choose a snowboard or a pair of skis.
It is important to choose the right equipment for your body.
Choosing equipment that is too big or too small can be dangerous.
Now that you have the right equipment, follow instructions to put them on.
Then it's time to have some fun!
OK. All right, Pauline, I have my skis on. Can I ski now?
Of course! Hey, I want you to meet Emma.
She's our—well, your instructor for today.
Nice to meet you, Emma.
Um, what shall I do now?
Before you try any sport, it is important to learn the basics.
To ski, you must first learn how to stand on skis.
When you are on skis, stand straight up.
Keep your knees bent and look forward.
Do your best to keep your skis parallel.
Don't let them cross.
When you are on a hill, this will allow you to slide down smoothly.
When you want to stop, bring the front of your skis together to create a V.
This will slow you down.
When you are learning, practice these two basic things on flat ground.
Then you can try to ski down a short slope.
Since the ski school is indoors, there isn't any real snow.
But the ski school does have a giant machine that is like a giant treadmill.
As you slide down the front of the machine, you can feel a little bit of what it is like to ski down a real mountain.
Hey, hey.
Wow, Pauline, you are so good at snowboarding.
Well, thanks.
But it's not my first time.
I have snowboarded before.
And the first few times I did it, oh, it was so hard.
I fell a lot.
But I kept practicing, and eventually I got better.
You know, that reminds me a lot about life.
You know, sometimes in life we have to learn new things.
And as we're learning, we'll probably make mistakes, we'll fall down, and it hurts a lot.
But you know, the most important thing is not how many times you fall down but how many times you get up and try again.
Because if you keep going and you keep learning and you'll never give up, that's when you're going to get better and stronger.
Don't you think so, Pauline?
Absolutely.
Well, you know what? I'm not going to give up.
I'm going to keep trying.
So thanks for joining us today, friends. I'll see you next time.
Those really were great lessons.
Now let's review with a few questions.
Let's start with eReport.
Friends, what was I doing in eReport?
Let's see... not skiing.
Campbell was skiing.
You were snowboarding.
That's right.
Of course, usually you need snow to go snowboarding or skiing.
But this special school helps people learn the basics of skiing and snowboarding without snow.
It was fun watching you guys slide down that treadmill thing in the school.
It was a lot of fun to do.
Friends, what equipment do you need for skiing or snowboarding?
Well, you need the skis or a snowboard, of course, plus the poles for skis.
Uh-huh. But there's something else.
A good winter jacket?
No, no, just kidding.
I know. You need special boots.
Yes, that's right.
OK, now let's review our health lessons.
Jay, are e-cigarettes OK?
Well, they may look harmless, but e-cigarettes contain a poison called nicotine.
And it has other chemicals that can cause cancer.
Wow, OK.
So, no, e-cigarettes are not a good idea at all.
But hey, reviewing English with us is a good idea.
And we'll keep doing that right after the break.
So don't go away.
