Welcome to the program, Trina Travel!
Thank you, Greg.
Have you ever seen the northern lights?
No, I haven't seen them, have you?
Yes, I went to a resort in Finland last winter and saw them.
Did you have to stay up late to see them?
Yes, but I didn't have to go outside.
I could see them through the glass roof of my igloo.
That sounds really cool!
There are many amazing places to see the northern lights.
Tell us about another place.
In Churchill, Canada, you can see the lights and polar bears, too.
I'd like that.
Near Fairbanks, Alaska, you can take a northern lights tour.
That would be fun.
It would!
And in Sweden, you can see the lights and stay overnight in an ice hotel.
What an amazing experience!
January to March is a popular time to look for the northern lights.
You have to stay up late to see them.
The best time is from 9:30 p.m. to 1 a.m.
At a resort in Finland, you can see them through the glass roof of your igloo.
In Churchill, Canada, you may see the lights dance over a family of polar bears!
Near Fairbanks, Alaska, you can take a northern lights tour.
In Sweden, you can see the lights and stay overnight in an ice hotel!
There are so many places to enjoy the northern lights!
Hey, everyone, and welcome to Let's Talk in English.
My name is Jay.
We're so glad you could join us today.
We sure are.
Hi, friends, I'm Pauline.
And today we're talking about one of my favorite topics: TRAVEL.
That's one of my favorites, too. And we're talking about Seeing the Northern Lights.
Oh man, the northern lights are so beautiful!
They sure are.
Hey, have you ever wondered what the northern lights look like from space?
Oh, no, I never thought about that.
Well, I was curious, so I actually looked up a picture, and here it is.
Whoa! That's amazing!
Yeah. So usually the northern lights are green, but you can see these ones are like red and purple.
Wow. And you can see they're actually so far above the earth.
Yeah, they're really like a blanket that covers the earth, kind of like a light blanket.
I guess so.
Well, hey, since this is the second day of our lesson, we should review some of what we talked about yesterday.
Ah, good idea.
So you give us a question, Pauline, and then I'll think of one.
OK, hmm, well, why are the northern lights called northern lights?
Ah, that's because these lights form around the North Pole.
And you can only see them in the most northern countries.
Or in the southern—most southern one, right?
That's true.
Well, anyways, it's your turn for a question.
OK. Uh, some people think the northern lights look like a road.
But other people think it looks like what in the sky?
Looks like—ah, they think it looks like a dance in the sky.
Hey, good job.
Well, friends, we've got a lot of great words in today's lesson, so why don't we get Jack to teach us those now?
(Chinese).
﻿(Music).
Welcome to the program, Trina Travel!
Thank you, Greg.
Have you ever seen the northern lights?
No, I haven't seen them, have you?
Yes, I went to a resort in Finland last winter and saw them.
Did you have to stay up late to see them?
Yes, but I didn't have to go outside.
I could see them through the glass roof of my igloo.
That sounds really cool!
Hey, Greg has Trina Travel on the show again.
Yeah, I guess she usually stops by at least once a month.
She travels so much.
I wonder how she finds time to even come to the show.
Hmm. I don't know.
Hey, have you ever been on Greg's show?
No, I haven't been on Greg's show, have you?
Hmm, no, I haven't, either.
But hey, that was a good question you used.
So why don't we get Rebecca to help us use it?
Hello, friends.
I know that right now is your favorite part of the entire lesson.
Use It time.
If you want to tell someone that you haven't done something, but then you want to know if they have done it, you can use today's use it.
For example: No, I haven't been to Scandinavia, have you?
Or: No, I haven't met the new teacher, have you?
This is very useful to English students, so now it's up to you to use it.
Thanks, Rebecca.
We'll, I'm glad that Trina does find the time to stop by.
She always has some great information to share with us from her travels.
Yeah, there's nothing like hearing about something from a person who actually experienced it themselves.
Like today.
Trina can tell us about when she saw the northern lights.
Right. She went to a resort in Finland last winter.
That's when she saw the northern lights.
Yeah. Greg asked if she had to stay up late to see them.
I was kind of wondering that, too.
Yes. Well, you might need to stay up late to see the northern lights.
But you don't have to stay up late to hear Jack teach because here he is now.
(Chinese).
Thanks, Jack.
And yes, Trina did have to stay up late to see the northern lights.
But it wasn't difficult since she didn't have to go outside.
Oh, yeah, she got to stay inside a glass igloo.
Friends, if you're wondering what that looks like, don't worry. We have a picture.
Look at that.
Wow! Those are really neat-looking.
They must be great for watching the northern lights.
Yeah, and I guess even though they're made out of glass, they must stay pretty warm.
I hope so.
Well, friends, this has already been a great lesson, and we have more right after the break.
So don't go away.
We'll be right back.
