Hey, Tina. Where do you buy gas?
Hi, Matt.
I usually go to the gas station near Ralph's Supermarket.
I go there sometimes.
Gas is cheap there.
I know.
I fill my car with gas at that station.
Do you pay with a credit card?
Yes. I always use a credit card.
It's so easy.
I wash my windshield there.
Me, too.
I like a clean windshield.
How often do you check the air in your tires?
Not often. I usually forget.
I check my tires once a month.
That's a good habit.
In some places, someone pumps gas for you.
But not around here.
At a gas station, you can fill your car with gas.
You can also wash your car's windshield.
You can check the air in your tires, too.
At some gas stations, someone pumps the gas for you.
At other stations, you pump your own gas.
In the United States, you pay before you pump gas.
You can pay with a credit card at the pump.
Hey, everyone, and welcome to Let's Talk in English.
So glad you could join us today.
My name is Jay.
Hi, friends, I'm Pauline.
Thanks for joining us.
Today we have an AROUND TOWN lesson for you.
That's right.
Stop for Gas.
Hey, Pauline, do you drive a car? Oh, or maybe a scooter or motorcycle?
No, I'm afraid to drive a scooter or motorcycle.
What? Why?
I don't know. I'm just easily distracted.
You need to be very focused when you drive a motorcycle or scooter, especially in the city.
Hmm, well, that's true.
Plus there are a lot of extra safety things to think about.
You mean like wearing a helmet?
Well, sure.
But that's easy.
But scooters and motorcycles are also more affected by weather and road conditions.
And if you get in an accident, it's more dangerous.
Hmm. I suppose that's true.
Although they are really convenient in the city.
Plus you don't use as much gas to get around, so you can save money.
That's true.
Although I don't drive a car, either.
Our city has a good bus and subway system, so I don't really need a car.
Hmm, OK.
But you can drive a car, right?
Yes. When I lived in Montana, I drove my car every day.
So then you also had to go to the gas station pretty often?
Oh, yes, I drove about 20 minutes to work each day.
So I—oh, and I also drove places on the weekend and did errands on the weekdays.
So I went to the gas station at least once a week.
Ooh, well, that's great because today we're talking about stopping for gas.
Um, but before we talk more about our experiences at gas stations, let's check in with Jack and learn our key words for today.
(Chinese).
Hey, Tina. Where do you buy gas?
Hi, Matt.
I usually go to the gas station near Ralph's Supermarket.
I go there sometimes.
Gas is cheap there.
I know.
I fill my car with gas at that station.
Do you pay with a credit card?
Yes. I always use a credit card.
It's so easy.
All right. So Matt and Tina are talking about where they buy gas.
Tina usually goes to the gas station near Ralph's Supermarket.
Hey, that's where I go, too.
Gas is cheap there.
Yeah, and my town, too.
There's always one gas station that has cheaper gas.
Although not a lot cheaper.
It's just a couple cents cheaper.
True. Gas is all about the same price no matter which station you go to.
But I still like to pay as little as I can.
Me, too.
So, Jay, do you have a car?
No, not here.
I did in Michigan.
I see.
So when you lived in Michigan, how often would you fill your car with gas?
Oh, good question.
But that reminds me, Jack also wanted to talk about filling cars with gas.
So let's go to him first.
Jack?
(Chinese).
Thanks, Jack.
So, Pauline, to answer your question:
Uh, when I had a car, I filled it with gas about once every 12 days.
Oh, OK.
So, friends, Jay didn't fill his car as often as I did.
Remember? I used to fill my car about once a week.
So what does that mean?
Well, there's a few possibilities.
One possibility is that Pauline drove more often than me, so she had to fill her car more often.
Or maybe Jay's car just got better gas mileage.
Oh.
Friends, do you know what gas mileage is?
A car's gas mileage is how many miles it can go on just one gallon of gas.
For example, my car got about 25 miles to the gallon.
Now let's say that my car got 50 miles per gallon.
Then I could go twice as far as Pauline's before I needed gas.
But there's another possibility for why I filled up my car more often.
Maybe Jay only fills his tank when it's near empty.
And I fill my tank whenever it's half full.
Oh, good point.
In that case, Pauline would go to the gas station more often.
Pauline, do you fill your car whenever it is at half full?
Ah, no.
Actually, I usually wait for the empty warning light to come on.
What?! Pauline, that's terrible!
What if you ran out of gas?
I know, I know. It's a bad habit.
My husband hates it, too.
Well, maybe it's a good thing that you don't drive now.
Well, actually, I prefer to take public transportation.
Although that's not really an option in Montana.
So whenever I'm back there, I drive my car.
Oh, hey, back in Montana, how do you pay for gas?
Do you pay with cash?
No. I always use a credit card.
Really? Always?
Yeah, it's inconvenient to pay with cash.
With your credit card, you can just pay at the pump.
You don't have to walk into the station to pay.
So I always use a credit card.
Hey, and that's today's Calendar Phrase!
I always use a credit card.
I always use a credit card.
(Chinese).
How do you pay for clothes?
I always use a credit card.
How do you pay for food?
I always use a credit card.
How do you pay for movies?
I always use a credit card.
It's free!
Free?
Yeah. It's my dad's credit card!
I always use a credit card.
I always use a credit card.
(Chinese).
All right, friends, we have a lot more to learn together today, but first we need to take a quick break.
Don't go away.
