Welcome back, friends.
Do you know how to ski or snowboard?
If not, would you like to learn?
How did you learn how to snowboard, Pauline?
Oh, my dad taught me when I was in college.
Oh, cool! I don't know many people of your dad's age who snowboard.
Yes, that is a little unusual, but he loves snowboarding.
And he was a great teacher.
Oh, hey, that reminds me.
How did Campbell's ski lesson go?
Good question.
And you know how we can find out?
By watching the next part.
Let's do that now.
OK. All right, Pauline, I have my skis on. Can I ski now?
Of course! Hey, I want you to meet Emma.
She's our—well, your instructor for today.
Nice to meet you, Emma.
Um, wat shall I do now?
Before you try any sport, it is important to learn the basics.
To ski, you must first learn how to stand on skis.
When you are on skis, stand straight up.
Keep your knees bent and look forward.
Do your best to keep your skis parallel.
Don't let them cross.
When you are on a hill, this will allow you to slide down smoothly.
When you want to stop, bring the front of your skis together to create a V.
This will slow you down.
When you are learning, practice these two basic things on flat ground.
Then you can try to ski down a short slope.
Since the ski school is indoors, there isn't any real snow.
But the ski school does have a giant machine that is like a giant treadmill.
As you slide down the front of the machine, you can feel a little bit of what it is like to ski down a real mountain.
Hey, hey.
Wow, Pauline, you are so good at snowboarding.
Well, thanks.
But it's not my first time.
I have snowboarded before.
And the first few times I did it, oh, it was so hard.
I fell a lot.
But I kept practicing, and eventually I got better.
You know, that reminds me a lot about life.
You know, sometimes in life we have to learn new things.
And as we're learning, we'll probably make mistakes, we'll fall down, and it hurts a lot.
But you know, the most important thing is not how many times you fall down but how many times you get up and try again.
Because if you keep going and you keep learning and you'll never give up, that's when you're going to get better and stronger.
Don't you think so, Pauline?
Absolutely.
Well, you know what? I'm not going to give up.
I'm going to keep trying.
So thanks for joining us today, friends. I'll see you next time.
Hey, Pauline, you really do know how to snowboard.
Well, yeah. Didn't you think I was lying?
No, no, I'm just saying that you actually are really good.
Oh, well, thanks.
But like I told Campbell, I've snowboarded for a long time.
Anything you practice for a long time, you will get good at.
Hmm, that's true.
And that's a good lesson for English students.
If you keep practicing, you will get better and better.
Right. And like Campbell said, it's not always easy.
Sometimes you will fail or fall.
Or in English, sometimes you make mistakes, right?
But that's OK.
Just keep practicing.
Don't give up.
Right. The more mistakes or falls you make, that means the more you learn.
Yeah, so don't be afraid of mistakes, friends.
Mistakes are part of the process.
And you know what? We'll never be perfect.
Ah, good point.
So does that mean that you still fall sometimes when you snowboard, Pauline?
Of course. I still fall sometimes when I snowboard.
But I don't fall as often as when I started.
Although you know what?
Uh, no, what?
Right after we finished eReport, I tried to go down the hill one more time and I fell really hard! Ooh!
Oh no! I'm glad you're OK.
Me, too.
And really, it is OK.
Falling is just a part of snowboarding or skiing.
Just like making mistakes is a part of learning a language.
You can't have one without the other.
Ah, good point.
Well, friends, thanks for practicing English with us this week.
We know it's not always easy.
But keep going.
Don't give up.
You are doing great.
You sure are, friends.
Now let's take a minute to review some of those great words we learned together.
And don't be afraid to say them out loud with us, OK?
Here's your first key word for today.
ski.
ski.
Do you like to ski?
snow.
snow.
Look at all the snow on the ground.
boot.
boot.
Wear boots to walk in the snow.
ankle.
ankle.
The boots covered her ankles.
knee.
knee.
When he fell, he hit his knee.
slide.
slide.
Let's slide down the hill!
All right, friends, those are your key words for today.
Keep on practicing.
And now it's time for Super Sentence Man.
Anyway, all of this equipment is free for you if you are a member of the gym.
Do you have any questions?
Hmm. Yes, I do.
What kind of exercise should I do?
Good question.
Everybody is different.
And every body is different.
Uh, so you need to pick, um—you need to have, uh—you—you should decide—
I mean—
You should choose an exercise routine that is right for you.
Yes! You should choose an exercise routine that is right for you.
And I can help.
That was today's super sentence!
Choose (something) that is right for (someone).
Like you.
Oh, hello, Super Sentence Man.
Yes, hello.
So your trainer here said a super sentence.
Can you give me one, too?
Sure. There are many different phone plans.
Yes.
Choose one that is right for you.
That's perfect.
Choose a phone plan that is right for you.
Say it again with confidence.
There are many different phone plans.
Choose one that is right for you.
That is perfect.
So, uh, just for fun, can you give me another one?
Oh, yes.
Every child is different.
Choose a doctor or hospital that is just right for your children.
Excellent!
Choose a doctor or hospital that is just right for your children.
Remember, you two—oh, say it with me.
A super sentence every day will make your English great!
So you should choose an exercise routine that is right for you.
And how do I know what that is?
I'm glad you asked.
If you want, I can be your personal trainer and help you find out.
How much do I have to pay?
Only $3,000 for each class.
$3,000?
Can I choose a price that is right for me, too?
No. Sign here.
So, Pauline, what did you think of that ski school?
Do you really think people can learn how to ski or snowboard without snow?
Well, it sounded a little crazy to me at first.
But then when I tried it, it was great.
I think it's a really good way to learn.
Especially if you don't live somewhere where there is snow, it's a good way to try it.
Right. Hmm. Maybe I should try it out.
You should!
And then we can plan a snowboarding trip to Japan.
Hey, I like that idea!
Well, friends, thanks again for joining us today and have a great weekend.
Don't forget to join us for our review show tomorrow, though, right here on Let's Talk in English, good-bye.
﻿(Music).
