The first half of the game was great.
The players move so fast!
I know! It was very exciting.
Is this your first time at an NBA game?
Yes. The players are so good!
Some of the players shoot from the 3-point line.
They score a lot of points.
They're also good at handling the ball.
Well, they are NBA players.
Our team scored a lot of points in the first half.
They're playing great.
They run fast and jump high.
They must practice a lot.
I'm sure.
Every player needs practice, including NBA players.
They must practice dribbling, passing and catching the ball.
Hey, the game's about to start again.
Let's cheer for our team!
Go, team!
Making a basket is usually worth two points.
But there is a line on the court.
It's called the three-point line.
If players make a basket from behind that line, they get three points.
Basketball players must be good at handling the ball.
They must dribble, pass and catch the ball.
They must run fast and jump high, too.
Basketball is an exciting game to watch.
Many people watch professional basketball.
NBA games are exciting.
Everyone cheers for their favorite players and teams.
Hey, friends, and welcome to Let's Talk in English.
I'm Jay.
Thanks for joining us today.
Hi, friends, I'm Pauline.
Today we have a SPORTS lesson for you.
That's right. Basketball.
And hey, I've got a great idea.
Since this is the second day of our lesson, let's review with a game, Pauline.
I'm always up for a game.
OK, so how about we do this:
If you can remember a key word and use it in a sentence, you get two points.
Are you ready?
Of course!
OK, well, you start.
All right, let's see...
Ooh, I know "sport" was a key word.
Basketball is a popular sport.
All right, that's a good one.
And that's two points for you.
OK, my turn.
Uh, team.
Every basketball game has two teams.
Ooh, and two points for you.
Ooh, I remember another one: basket.
Really good players make a lot of baskets.
Hmm, nice one, OK.
Four points for Pauline.
Two points for me.
Let's see...
Ah, shoot.
To be a good player, you have to shoot a lot of baskets.
Good ones.
Now we both have four points; we're tied.
Ooh, I think there was one more key word, but I can't remember what it was.
Oh, I can't remember, either.
What was it?
Ohh.
Did you remember it? Uh, do you know what it is?
Oh, yes! You know, Jay, there are millions of words that it could be.
Oh, that's right!
It was "millions."
Nice job using it in a sentence, too.
So you get the last two points.
Good job. You're the winner.
Thank you. All right, we better go to Jack and learn some new key words now.
(Chinese).
The first half of the game was great.
The players move so fast!
I know! It was very exciting.
Is this your first time at an NBA game?
Yes. The players are so good.
Some of the players shoot from the 3-point line.
They score a lot of points.
They're also good at handling the ball.
Well, they are NBA players.
Hey, Matt and Greg are at a basketball game.
Well, it's no surprise that Matt is there.
I know he loves basketball.
But I didn't know that Greg likes basketball.
Me, either.
This is his first time at an NBA game, though.
Oh, that's cool.
Have you ever been to an NBA game, Pauline?
Yes, actually, I have.
I went to the Minnesota Timberwolves game in Minnesota.
Oh, that's cool.
Actually, I have, too. Just once.
When I lived in Michigan, I got a really cool chance to go see Michigan's NBA team, the Pistons.
Oh, basketball games can be so much fun.
That sounds great.
And the Pistons. I think I've heard of them.
Tell us more.
OK, well, let me ask you a different question.
Have you ever been to a baseball game, Pauline?
Sure. But why do you ask?
OK, baseball games are fun, too, but they feel very different.
Baseball games can be slow, almost relaxed.
If you think about it, there isn't any clock in a baseball game.
Oh, I see what you're saying.
Basketball games do have a clock.
The game is timed.
Exactly.
And that can make it really exciting.
I'm sure that means the players have to play really fast sometimes, too, right?
Yeah. If the two teams are both really good, then they will play with a lot of energy to make sure they stay ahead.
Wow, it sounds like fun.
I'm glad you enjoyed the game.
The players in NBA really are amazing.
Yeah. I mean when you watch them, you know that you're watching some of the best players in the world.
Ooh, wow, yeah, some of the best players in the world.
Hey, I think that would be a good Use It.
Let's see if Rebecca can help us out.
Hello, friends.
Here's the moment that you have been waiting for.
You get to learn a new Use It tip.
If you want to explain how some but not everyone does something, you can use today's Use It.
Let's look at a few examples.
First: Some of the people like the movie.
Here's another example.
Some of the students sing songs.
OK, friends, it's time for you to go out and use it!
Thanks, Rebecca.
That was a good Use It.
It was.
In our conversation, Greg said some of the players shoot from the 3-point line.
Can you tell us more about the 3-point line, Jay?
Ooh, sure.
So there is a big half circle around the basket.
That's called the 3-point line.
Most points in basketball are two points.
But any shot that is outside of the 3-point line is, no surprise, three points.
OK, because it's farther away, right?
That's right.
So the 3-point line is farther away; it's harder, so you get more points.
That's right.
And it's not easy to score from the 3-point line.
Well, it isn't easy for me, at least.
But some of the players make it look really easy.
Hey, Jay, you just said something interesting.
You said it's not easy to score from the 3-point line.
Well, and it isn't.
But what I'm trying to say is we usually use the word "score" to talk about a thing.
What is the score?
The score is 50-58.
Oh, I see what they're saying.
You know what? I think Jack is the person to teach us about this.
Let's see what he has to say.
(Chinese).
Thanks, Jack.
Well, friends, we have to take a quick break, but don't go away.
We'll be right back.
