.
Welcome back, friends.
Did you enjoy our AROUND TOWN lessons about going to the gas station?
I sure did.
Although, unfortunately, we don't have time to review those lessons today.
So, friends, that can be your homework.
Try to review those a little at home this weekend, OK?
That's a deal.
Now, friends, let's watch some of the fun features from this week.
Hello, everyone.
I'm Jack, and this is Jack's File.
I'm going to drive my car and do a few things around town.
But first, I have to go to a gas station.
My car is almost out of gas.
See you later.
At a gas station, you can fill your car with gas.
You can wash your car's windshield.
You can also wash your cars other windows.
You can check the air in your tires, too.
In some places, someone at the gas station helps you.
In others, you pump your own gas.
In the United States, you pay before you pump gas.
You can pay with a credit card at the pump.
You can find gas stations in many places around town.
To put gas to your car, you pull your car up to the pump and fill it with gas.
It doesn't take long.
Most gas stations have convenient stores.
If you don't have a credit card, you go into the store to pay for your gas.
You can also buy all kinds of salty and sweet snacks.
When people buy gas, they often buy snacks and drinks to enjoy in their car.
Both soft drinks and coffee are popular.
Some gas stations also sell hot food.
You can buy hot dogs, hamburgers and pizza.
Besides food, many places sell lottery tickets and many other things.
It's fun to look around in a gas station store.
Hello again, I'm back.
I stopped at the gas station and filled up my car with gas.
Now I have plenty of gas.
I can drive anywhere.
I also bought some snacks at the convenience store.
I'll eat them while I watch basketball.
I'll see you next time on Jack's File.
Good-bye, everyone.
﻿(Song Time).
﻿(Music).
Hello, everyone.
Welcome to Question Time, a time to ask your questions and get some answers.
Today we're talking about smoking.
And here to answer our question is my guest Ms. Bree Z.
Hi, Rob.
Hello, Bree, welcome to the show.
Thanks.
Now Bree, I have a question today from Noah Wang of Honolulu, Hawaii.
Noah writes, "I am a smoker.
I started smoking in high school, and now I can't stop.
My wife is having a baby soon.
She doesn't want the baby to grow up around the smoke.
I don't, either.
How can I quit?
Please help!"
Thanks for writing, Noah.
Good for you for wanting to quit smoking.
Yes, good for you.
Smoking is not only bad for you, it's also bad for those around you.
That's right.
Studies show that breathing in the smoke from someone else's cigarette can be as dangerous to your health as smoking a cigarette yourself.
That's terrible.
I'm glad Noah wants to stop smoking before his baby is born.
Me, too.
So what are some tips to help Noah succeed?
First, try not to quit cold turkey.
What does that mean?
To quit cold turkey means to stop without any preparation before.
That's a really hard way to quit.
Hmm, it is.
So what can Noah do?
First, Noah should think about all the reasons he wants to quit.
He can start with his baby.
Hmm, that's good.
Other reasons to quit might be to save money or better health, fresher breath.
These reasons will remind him to stay on track.
Right. Then he needs to create new habits.
Some people smoke when they're tired or smoke when they're nervous.
Noah will need to think of when are the times he wants to smoke and why and replace those times with another healthier habit.
Hmm, that's a good tip.
Thanks for your help today, Bree.
I learned a lot.
I hope you learned a lot, too, friends.
See all of you next time on Question Time.
﻿(Music).
Anyway, all of this equipment is free for you if you are a member of the gym.
Do you have any questions?
Hmm. Yes, I do.
What kind of exercise should I do?
Good question.
Everybody is different.
And every body is different.
Uh, so you need to pick, um—you need to have, uh—you—you should decide—
I mean—
You should choose an exercise routine that is right for you.
Yes! You should choose an exercise routine that is right for you.
And I can help.
That was today's super sentence!
Choose (something) that is right for (someone).
Like you.
Oh, hello, Super Sentence Man.
Yes, hello.
So your trainer here said a super sentence.
Can you give me one, too?
Sure. There are many different phone plans.
Yes.
Choose one that is right for you.
That's perfect.
Choose a phone plan that is right for you.
Say it again with confidence.
There are many different phone plans.
Choose one that is right for you.
That is perfect.
So, uh, just for fun, can you give me another one?
Oh, yes.
Every child is different.
Choose a doctor or hospital that is just right for your children.
Excellent!
Choose a doctor or hospital that is just right for your children.
Remember, you two—oh, say it with me.
A super sentence every day will make your English great!
So you should choose an exercise routine that is right for you.
And how do I know what that is?
I'm glad you asked.
If you want, I can be your personal trainer and help you find out.
How much do I have to pay?
Only $3,000 for each class.
$3,000?
Can I choose a price that is right for me, too?
No. Sign here.
Friends, thanks for joining us for our review show.
We sure had fun with you today.
And of course, we hope you'll join us again on Monday right here on Let's Talk in English, good-bye.
﻿(Music).
