Welcome back, friends.
Today we are talking about e-cigarettes.
And one word we keep using is "addicted."
You can become addicted to the nicotine in e-cigarettes.
Another word you can use is "addictive."
Nicotine is addictive.
So people are addicted to things, and things are addictive.
For example, caffeine is a chemical in coffee.
Caffeine is addictive.
Many people become addicted to caffeine in coffee.
Uh-huh. Ahem, many people are addicted to coffee.
Hey! I'm not addicted.
Anyways, let's get back to Greg's show now.
What about flavored cigarettes?
The flavors sound appealing.
True. But flavored cigarettes are still cigarettes.
And smoking is bad.
We've known that for years.
Smoking causes cancer.
Yes, but young people think that flavored cigarettes are OK.
They like them because the flavors cover the bitter taste of the tobacco.
So it's easy to become addicted to them.
Smoking of any kind is bad for your health.
So another reason some people try e-cigarettes is because they have different flavors.
Really? Interesting.
So the vapor actually has a taste?
Yes. They come in lots of different flavors.
And they do sound appealing.
Regular cigarettes can be flavored, too.
People like them because the flavor covers the bitter taste of tobacco.
Well, everyone enjoys things that taste good.
But I don't need e-cigarettes to enjoy lots of great flavors.
I have ice cream for that.
Well, ice cream definitely sounds more appealing to me.
But ice cream doesn't last as long as an e-cigarette.
OK, then try gum.
It's amazing how many different flavors of gum there are now.
And gum doesn't cause cancer.
Good point.
Oh, actually, now that you mentioned it, I think there are special kinds of gum that can help people stop smoking.
Oh, that's great.
Everyone knows that smoking is bad.
We've known that for years.
And most of my friends who smoke want to quit.
But it's really hard.
They are addicted.
Yeah, that is hard.
But it's not impossible.
Still, it's easier to just never start smoking.
That's true. Oh, but we've been talking for a while now.
And Rebecca has been patiently waiting to teach us our Use It.
Let's go to her now.
Hey, everyone.
Yes! It's time to learn something new in Use It.
I know that you have been waiting a long time for this moment.
If you want to say that you have done something for a certain amount of time, you can use today's Use It.
For example: We've talked about this trip for weeks.
Or: We've waited for you for hours.
Now it's up to you to go out and use it!
Thanks, Rebecca.
You know, Jay, in the United States, fewer and fewer people are smoking cigarettes.
Ah, that's great news!
It is, although I still worry about e-cigarettes.
Everyone knows regular cigarettes are bad for you.
But a lot of people are confused about e-cigarettes.
Right. But again, that's why shows like this are good.
Now our friends know the truth about e-cigarettes and can make smart decisions.
Yes, that is a good thing. I guess the main point is just what Mr. Lung says:
Smoking of any kind is bad for your health.
Right, Jack?
(Chinese).
Thanks so much for your help, Jack.
Now this has been a very interesting and helpful lesson.
But we should stop to take a minute to review those great key words we learned today.
Here's your first key word for today.
package.
package.
This package of candy looks very pretty.
assume.
assume.
I assume you want to go with me.
poison.
poison.
Any poison is dangerous.
appealing.
appealing.
This food looks very appealing.
bitter.
bitter.
This drink tastes bitter.
All right, friends, those are your key words for today.
You're doing great.
Just keep on practicing.
And now let's watch today's conversation one more time together.
﻿(Music).
Welcome to the program, Mr. Lung.
Thank you, Greg.
Let's talk about e-cigarettes.
You don't like them much, do you?
No. They're very bad for you.
People who try them can get addicted to nicotine.
Isn't nicotine a poison?
Yes, don't put it in your body!
But e-cigarette packages look cool.
They look like vitamins or juice.
They do.
But don't assume they're safe.
They're not!
What about flavored cigarettes?
The flavors sound appealing.
True. But flavored cigarettes are still cigarettes.
And smoking is bad.
We've known that for years.
Smoking causes cancer.
Yes. But young people think that flavored cigarettes are OK.
They like them because the flavors cover the bitter taste of the tobacco.
So it's easy to become addicted to them.
Smoking of any kind is bad for your health.
﻿(Music).
Guess what I did, James.
Hmm, I have no idea.
What did you do?
I talked to my friends about e-cigarettes.
Really? What did you say?
I said they are bad, bad, bad, bad, bad.
Oh, anything else?
Yes. I said you can get addicted to nicotine.
And what did they say?
They said they didn't know, that the packages looked cool and the flavors sound appealing.
So they assumed they're safe.
Yeah. But I told them that smoking of any kind is bad, bad, bad, bad, bad.
Yeah. Then what happened?
They threw away their e-cigarettes, and we all got ice cream instead.
Huh, banana ice cream?
Of course!
All my friends are monkey friends. They love banana ice cream.
﻿(Music).
Hello, everyone.
Welcome to Question Time, a time to ask your questions and get some answers.
Today we're talking about smoking.
And here to answer our question is my guest Ms. Bree Z.
Hi, Rob.
Hello, Bree, welcome to the show.
Thanks.
Now Bree, I have a question today from Noah Wang of Honolulu, Hawaii.
Noah writes, "I am a smoker.
I started smoking in high school, and now I can't stop.
My wife is having a baby soon.
She doesn't want the baby to grow up around the smoke.
I don't, either.
How can I quit?
Please help!"
Thanks for writing, Noah.
Good for you for wanting to quit smoking.
Yes, good for you.
Smoking is not only bad for you.
It's also bad for those around you.
That's right.
Studies show that breathing in the smoke from someone else's cigarette can be as dangerous to your health as smoking a cigarette yourself.
That's terrible.
I'm glad Noah wants to stop smoking before his baby is born.
Me, too.
So what are some tips to help Noah succeed?
First, try not to quit cold turkey.
What does that mean?
To quit cold turkey means to stop without any preparation before.
That's a really hard way to quit.
Hmm, it is.
So what can Noah do?
First, Noah should think about all the reasons he wants to quit.
He can start with his baby.
Hmm, that's good.
Other reasons to quit might be to save money or better health, fresher breath.
These reasons will remind him to stay on track.
Right. Then he needs to create new habits.
Some people smoke when they're tired or smoke when they're nervous.
Noah will need to think of when are the times he wants to smoke and why and replace those times with another healthier habit.
Hmm, that's a good tip.
Thanks for your help today, Bree.
I learned a lot.
I hope you learned a lot, too, friends.
See all of you next time on Question Time.
Well, I have really enjoyed both today and yesterday's lesson.
But I have one more question, Jay.
I think a lot of people start smoking just because, you know, their friends are doing it, they are offered it, and they don't know how to say no.
So what would you say if a friend said, "Hey, you should try this."?
Yeah, that is really hard.
Ah, if I say, "No, that's a terrible thing to do," then maybe my friends will feel really upset.
So sometimes I would say, "I'm sorry, but that's not for me."
Hmm, yeah, that's not for me or that's—I'm not into that.
Those are some words we use just to say, "Hmm, no, thank you."
Well, friends, thanks for joining us today.
We'll see you again tomorrow right here on Let's Talk in English, good-bye.
﻿(Music).
