Hi, Susie.
What are you doing?
I'm thinking about taking a trip.
Look at these pictures of the northern lights.
Wow! I'd love to watch them dance in the sky.
Me, too.
They're in the sky around the North Pole.
I know.
You can also see them in many places in Scandinavia, Alaska and Canada.
I'd like to go any of those places.
Are the northern lights always green?
No. They can also be red, orange or purple.
To see them best, you need a clear, dark night.
Cool! This picture looks like a blanket of light in the sky.
The northern lights can take many forms.
They can look like that or like a laser show.
When you go and see them, I'll go with you!
Nature puts on an amazing light show in the night sky around the North Pole.
Bright, green lights dance in the sky.
Sometimes they are red, orange or purple.
These are the northern lights.
Towns across Scandinavia, Alaska and Canada invite you to come and enjoy them.
To see them best, you need a clear, dark night.
The lights take many forms.
They can be a moving blanket of light or look like a laser show.
But they are always marvelous!
Hello, everyone! And welcome to Let's Talk in English.
My name's Pauline. So glad to see all of you here with us today.
I sure am, too.
Hey, everyone, I'm Jay.
And today our topic is TRAVEL.
That's right. Seeing the Northern Lights.
Ah, what a wonderful lesson to talk about.
It is, isn't it?
Seeing the northern lights is an experience you will never forget.
Oh, so you've seen them, Pauline?
I have.
Oh, cool!
Where was it?
It was in Montana.
Oh, that's true.
Sometimes you can see the lights from Montana, can't you?
Yes, sometimes.
Wow. We can, too, sometimes in Michigan, but it's pretty rare.
Uh, what was it like when you saw them?
Oh, well, it was just like swirling colors in the night sky.
It's hard to describe, but it's beautiful.
Ah, that's amazing.
Have you ever seen them, Jay?
I have, but it wasn't very strong.
I was campaigning very far away in Canada.
And I was enjoying the night sky.
The stars were so bright, and I was looking at the Milky Way right above my head.
And while I was looking at that, I saw a very soft green added into the night sky.
Ooh, that must have been so beautiful.
It was.
And you're right, Pauline.
Seeing the northern lights is something you'll never forget.
Well, this should be a great lesson.
I am excited to talk about this today.
Me, too.
So why don't we get into it?
First things first.
We should learn today's key words.
Here's Jack.
(Chinese).
Hi, Susie.
What are you doing?
I'm thinking about taking a trip.
Look at these pictures of the northern lights.
Wow! I'd love to watch them dance in the sky.
Me, too.
They're in the sky around the North Pole.
I know.
You can also see them in many places in Scandinavia, Alaska and Canada.
I'd like to go any of those places.
So what's Susie doing today?
Well, she's in the office, and she's thinking about taking a trip.
Nice!
Hey, you know what I'm thinking about?
Uh, no, what?
I'm thinking about getting Jack to teach us some more.
Here he is.
(Chinese).
Thanks, Jack.
You know, Pauline, I'm thinking about taking a trip.
You are?
Yes. I'm thinking about taking a trip to today's Calendar Phrase!
I'm thinking about taking a trip.
I'm thinking about taking a trip.
(Chinese).
What will you do in January?
I'm thinking about taking a trip.
What will you do in February?
I'm thinking about taking a trip.
What will you do in March?
I'm thinking about taking a trip.
Do you travel a lot?
No. But I'm always thinking about it.
I'm thinking about taking a trip.
I'm thinking about taking a trip.
(Chinese).
Hey, that's just like you, Pauline.
You're always thinking about going on a trip.
Well, that's true.
But hey, I actually go on the trips that I plan.
Oh, that's true.
You and your husband are true travelers.
We do love to travel.
And we've been blessed to be able to travel many places.
Ah, I love traveling, too.
And I know Susie likes to take trips, too.
Why is she thinking about traveling today?
Because she is looking at some pictures of the northern lights.
Hey, by the way, Pauline, why do we call them the northern lights?
Ah, because you can only see those lights in the north.
But can't you see them in the South, too?
Oh, I see what you're saying.
Yes, there are southern lights, too.
So if you can see them both in the north and the south, why not just call them the special lights or something?
Well, because you can't see them just anywhere.
You actually have to be very far north or very far south to see them.
Hmm, I knew that. I just wanted to hear you explain it.
And it's true.
And the reason is because the earth is like a giant magnet.
These lights only happen around the ends of the magnet, the North and the South Poles.
That's right.
But you can also see the lights from many places around the North or South Poles, like Scandinavia, Canada or Alaska.
Friends, do you know where Scandinavia is?
Did you say Europe?
Nice work!
Here's a bonus question.
Do you know which countries are in Scandinavia?
Hmm. I think so.
It's Norway, Denmark and Sweden, right?
Yes, that's right!
That's a good guess.
Those are pretty cool countries to go visit.
And you might be able to get to see the northern lights, too.
How cool is that!
That would be great.
You know, I've heard that parts of Sweden can see the northern lights 200 days of the year.
Wow, that's amazing!
Well, friends, we need to take a quick break, but please don't go away.
We've got more after this.
