Hello, everyone.
Happy Friday!
And welcome to Let's Talk in English.
My name's Pauline.
Hey, everyone, I'm Jay.
And today our lesson is eREPORT.
Yes. Learn to Ski!
Ah, I would love to learn how to ski.
You've never skied before?
No, I haven't. Have you?
Yeah. But I grew up in Montana.
When I was in middle school, our public school took us skiing once a year.
Really? For free?
Yeah, it was a special free activity for the students.
Wow, that's great!
Well, do you still ski?
No, I haven't skied in a really long time.
But I do love to snowboard.
That's my favorite.
Oh, cool!
Well, I hope we can talk more about that sometime.
But for now, we better get started with our lesson.
Friends, here's Jack with today's key words.
(Chinese).
Hi, everyone.
Welcome to eReport.
My name is Campbell.
And I'm Pauline.
We are going to do something fun today.
That's right. Pauline is going to snowboard, and I am going to ski.
Yes! I'm so excited.
I love snowboarding.
Well, I've heard snowboarding is a lot of fun.
It is. Wait. You've never been snowboarding?
No, I haven't.
And the last time I went skiing, I was in elementary school.
What?! That's ages ago!
Hey, I'm not that old.
Well, friends, what do you think?
Do you want to ski and snowboard with us?
Great! It's going to be fun.
﻿(Music).
Skiing and snowboarding are two popular winter activities.
People travel to ski resorts all over the world to enjoy some winter fun.
Ski resorts are usually up in the mountains where the weather is cold and there is lots of snow.
Skiing and snowboarding can be exciting if you know what you're doing.
That's why it's a good idea to take a few lessons before you really try either one.
But what if you live in a city, like Taipei, where there is no snow and no ski resorts?
How can you learn?
Well, you can visit a ski school.
At a ski school, instructors can teach you the basics of skiing and snowboarding.
It's a great place to practice some skills before you go out on real slopes.
Hey, Pauline, you didn't tell me you were in this eReport.
Well, you didn't ask.
Well, it's a nice surprise.
And hey, I guess we are talking about both skiing and snowboarding today, huh.
That's right.
They are very similar activities.
At least you do them in the same place.
And the school we went to teaches both.
But wait, Pauline, that school is in Taipei, right?
So how can they teach skiing and snowboarding?
Don't you really need snow for those activities?
Good point.
Yes, to really snowboard or ski, you need snow.
But this school can help you learn the basics before going somewhere with snow.
I see.
So do people in Taiwan like to ski or snowboard?
Sure. I have some friends in Taiwan who love to ski.
And I'm sure there are people in Taiwan who enjoy snowboarding, too.
Oh, is there a ski resort in Taiwan?
No, we don't get enough snow in Taiwan.
But they can go to Japan or other countries with snow.
And they aren't the only ones who do that.
Many people travel to ski resorts all over the world to enjoy these sports.
Right, Jack?
(Chinese).
Thanks, Jack.
So, Pauline, have you been to ski resorts all over the world?
Oh, well, no.
Actually, I've only been to ski resorts in Montana.
Really? That surprises me.
You travel so much.
And you snowboard.
So why haven't you tried snowboarding somewhere else?
Well, I guess usually I travel to tropical places that don't have any snow, so I can't snowboard then.
Oh, well, I see.
That does make sense.
Well, maybe you can travel to Japan in the winter someday and go snowboarding there.
But hey, uh, Pauline, what equipment do you need to go snowboarding?
Oh, that's a very good question.
It's important to know that for any activity, right?
But actually, I think we are going to talk about that in the next part of the eReport.
So let's just watch that together now.
Hey, Pauline, can you tell everybody what we're doing now?
Sure. We're putting on our boots for snowboarding and skiing.
That's right.
Hey, wait a minute.
Why are your boots different than mine?
Because I'm going snowboard and you're skiing.
Boots for skiing and snowboarding are different.
They are?
People wear boots for both skiing and snowboarding.
Both kinds are warm, waterproof and attached to snow equipment so you can slide down a slope.
But other than that, ski boots and snowboard boots are very different.
Ski boots have a hard shell while snowboard boots are more flexible.
They're kind of like an athletic shoe.
Also, ski boots usually have buckles that hold the boots on the skier's feet.
Snowboard boots have laces.
It is important to have a good pair of boots when you ski or snowboard.
They will protect your feet and ankles.
Once you have the right pair of boots for your feet, you must choose a snowboard or a pair of skis.
It is important to choose the right equipment for your body.
Choosing equipment that is too big or too small can be dangerous.
Now that you have the right equipment, follow instructions to put them on.
Then it's time to have some fun!
Hey, that did answer my question.
So, friends, let's see if we can remember all of the equipment.
All right, go ahead.
OK, well, first you need a good pair of boots.
But don't forget, ski boots and snowboard boots are different.
So you need to pick the right ones for the activity you want to do.
Right. Just remember, ski boots are skinnier than snowboard boots.
Got it.
And ski boots are hard outside while snowboard boots are a little more flexible, right?
That's right.
Wow, you're learning a lot, Jay.
Oh, and Jack, you wanted to talk to us about that, too, right?
(Chinese).
Thanks, Jack.
So boots protect your feet and ankles.
And they also are what you attach to the skies or snowboard.
Right, so they are very important.
Of course, the skis and the snowboards are also an important piece of equipment.
You can't forget those.
Absolutely.
So let's see... do you need any other equipment?
Well, if you want to ski, then you also need those poles, right?
But you don't use poles for snowboarding.
Got it.
Oh, and I also noticed you and Campbell are wearing helmets.
Do you always wear a helmet, Pauline?
Ooh, good question.
And yes, I always wear a helmet.
Wearing a helmet is very important.
Skiing and snowboarding is fun, but you will fall even if you're really good.
And you don't want to get seriously injured when you fall, so always wear a helmet.
I see. OK, so always wear a helmet.
Do you need anything else?
Well, winter clothes, of course.
And you might want some other safety gear when you first start learning because you will fall a little more at first.
Ah, that makes sense.
Well, I'm excited to watch you guys actually ski and snowboard.
You are going to do that, right?
Of course, of course! But I'm afraid we do need to take a quick break first.
So let's go ahead and do that, and then we'll watch the next part after that.
Don't go away, friends.
We'll be right back.
